fixes app bridge type imports (#720)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed App Brige import issues in the `enzyme` utility and `AppProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Shopify App Bridge import issues in `AppProvider` and `enzyme` test utilities ([#720](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/720))
```

> - Fixed missing color utility and type exports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed missing color utility and type exports ([#720](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/720))
```
